*User Story / Gameplay*
Describe the gameplay
-   pong is a two player game where each player is given a paddle and have to hit the
    ball across the board until the oppsite player misses then you'll score a point.
What are the conditions when the game begins?
-   if player 1 hits the ball towards player 2 and player 2 misses the ball player 1 
    will score a point.
Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
-   yes the  game has a end. The game will end when one player reaches 11 points. 
What ifs will there be?
-   if the player 1 hits the ball towards player 2 and player 2 misses player 1 gains
     a point
-   if a player reaches 11 points then the game will end.

*Visual Game Components*
What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components 
were the board and 
the box.
Which will be static? (the board)
Which will be animated? (the box)
-   the visual game components are the the right paddle, left paddle and the ball.
    the board will be static while the paddles and ball are animated.
What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the
 data values were 
positionX, speedX, and points.
-   the data that i will manage are the score points, speed of the ball, and the speed 
    of the paddles
    
*Events / Logic*
What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
-   keyboard and clicking events will occur in the game.
How do those events affect the data of the program?
-   the keyboard event will allow the players move the paddles while clicking will
     allow the user to start the game.
For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and 
tricky) to be as
 specific as you can while remaining high-level!
 -  to start the game one of the players click on the game to start player 1 will use 
    'W' and 'S' keys to move the left paddle and player 2 will use 'up arrow' and 
    'down arrow' keys to move the right paddle. once the game the players will hit the 
    ball across the board until one player misses the ball then other player will gain 
    a point. the game will continue until one player reaches 11 points then game over.
